chore: Update LRO help section (#9720)
googleapis/google-cloud-java: README.md

## Long Running Operations

Long running operations (LROs) are often used for API calls that are expected to
take a long time to complete (i.e. provisioning a GCE instance or a Dataflow pipeline).
The initial API call creates an "operation" on the server and returns an Operation ID
to track its progress. LRO RPCs have the suffix `Async` appended to the call name
(i.e. `clusterControllerClient.createClusterAsync()`)

Our generated clients provide a nice interface for starting the operation and
then waiting for the operation to complete. This is accomplished by returning an
[`OperationFuture`](https://cloud.google.com/java/docs/reference/gax/latest/com.google.api.gax.longrunning.OperationFuture).
When calling `get()` on the `OperationFuture`, the client library will poll the operation to

> check the operation's status.

Reviewer: including try-catch clause of CancellationException.

### LRO Timeouts
The polling operations have a default timeout that varies from service to service.
The library will throw a `java.util.concurrent.CancellationException` with the message:
`Task was cancelled.` if the timeout exceeds the operation. A `CancellationException`
does not mean that the backend GCP Operation was cancelled. This exception is thrown from the
client library when it has exceeded the total timeout without receiving a successful status from the operation.
Our client libraries respect the configured values set in the OperationTimedPollAlgorithm for each RPC.

Note: The client library handles the Operation's polling mechanism for you. By default, there is no need
to manually poll the status yourself.

### Default LRO Values
Each LRO RPC has a pre-configured default values. You can find these values by 
searching in each Client's `StubSettings`'s class. The default LRO settings are initialized
inside the `initDefaults()` method in the nested Builder class.

> For example, in AI-Platform v3.24.0, the default [OperationTimedPollAlgorithm](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-java/blob/9ae786d1acdc7354adf86b78691570668caa293d/java-aiplatform/google-cloud-aiplatform/src/main/java/com/google/cloud/aiplatform/v1/stub/EndpointServiceStubSettings.java#L755-L765) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in google-cloud-aiplatform v3.24.0, the default [OperationTimedPollAlgorithm](https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-java/blob/9ae786d1acdc7354adf86b78691570668caa293d/java-aiplatform/google-cloud-aiplatform/src/main/java/com/google/cloud/aiplatform/v1/stub/EndpointServiceStubSettings.java#L755-L765) 
```

has these default values:
```java
OperationTimedPollAlgorithm.create(
    RetrySettings.newBuilder()
        .setInitialRetryDelay(Duration.ofMillis(5000L))
        .setRetryDelayMultiplier(1.5)
        .setMaxRetryDelay(Duration.ofMillis(45000L))
        .setInitialRpcTimeout(Duration.ZERO)
        .setRpcTimeoutMultiplier(1.0)
        .setMaxRpcTimeout(Duration.ZERO)
        .setTotalTimeout(Duration.ofMillis(300000L))
        .build())
```
Both retries and LROs share the same RetrySettings class. Note the corresponding link:
- Total Timeout (Max Time allowed for polling): 5 minutes
- Initial Retry Delay (Initial delay before first poll): 5 seconds
- Max Retry Delay (Maximum delay between each poll): 45 seconds
- Retry Delay Multiplier (Multiplier value to increase the poll delay): 1.5

The RPC Timeout values have no use in LROs and can be omitted or set to the default values
(`Duration.ZERO` for Timeouts or `1.0` for the multiplier)

### Configuring LRO Timeouts

> ```java

Reviewer: How about adding a sentence?

"To configure the LRO timeouts, set the values in `RetrySettings`. For exapmle:"

Author: will do!

Long running operations (LROs) are often used for API calls that are expected to
take a long time to complete (e.g. provisioning a GCE instance or a Dataflow pipeline).
The initial API call creates an "operation" on the server and returns an operation ID
to track its progress. LRO RPCs will have the suffix `Async` appended to the call name
(i.e. `clusterControllerClient.createClusterAsync()`)

Our generated clients provide a nice interface for starting the operation and
then waiting for the operation to complete. This is accomplished by returning an
[`OperationFuture`](https://cloud.google.com/java/docs/reference/gax/latest/com.google.api.gax.longrunning.OperationFuture).

> When you call `get()` on the `OperationFuture` we poll the operation endpoint to

Reviewer: "we" here is strange.

Author: Updated to be client libraries

[`OperationFuture`](https://cloud.google.com/java/docs/reference/gax/latest/com.google.api.gax.longrunning.OperationFuture).
When you call `get()` on the `OperationFuture` we poll the operation endpoint to
check on the operation. These polling operations have a default timeout that
varies from service to service and will throw a `java.util.concurrent.CancellationException`
with the message: `Task was cancelled.` after that timeout has been reached.

> ### Configuring LRO Timeouts

Reviewer: I feel I want a section with "LRO Timeouts"

Author: Added a section that I think works better.

> If you receive a `java.util.concurrent.CancellationException`, it does not mean that

Reviewer: Start a paragraph with a positive sentence, rather than "it does not mean that ..."

Reviewer: I feel that " These polling operations have ..." is a beginning of a paragraph for "LRO Timeouts" section.

Author: Moved the sections around accordingly. Should be clearer (I hope)

> the backend GCP Operation was cancelled. This exception is thrown from Gax-Java to let

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the backend GCP Operation was cancelled. This exception is thrown from the client library to let
```
`gax-java` is an internal implementation and customers may not aware of it.

> the RetrySetting values). Since the LRO returns a unique Operation ID, you may still manually

Reviewer 2: I wonder if there is a way to avoid mentioning `RetrySetting` in this context as it would really confuse people. Maybe something like `It respects configured values in OperationTimedPollAlgorithm for each RPC`?

> Operation ID, you may still manually poll for the status.

Reviewer: > you may still manually poll for the status.

Is this helpful, common thing to do? Reading "Since the LRO returns a unique Operation ID, you may still manually poll for the status.", I don't know whether I, a user, should learn more about it or not.

Author: Good point. I was hesitant to put this part, but it was a previous customer issue. Generally not encouraged to poll manually, but we have had people do it before as they have had specific use cases (https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-java/issues/9118#issuecomment-1433136433)

I'll remove this blurb as I think it would be better for customers to tinker with the LRO values instead.

> Note: Gax-Java handles the Operation's polling mechanism for you. By default, there is no need

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The client library handles the Operation's polling mechanism for you. By default, there is no need
```

to manually poll the status yourself.

> ### Default RetrySettings Values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Default LRO Values
```

> Each LRO RPC has a pre-configured default RetrySetting. You can find these values by 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each LRO RPC has a pre-configured default values. You can find these values by 
```

> searching in each Client's `StubSettings`'s class. The default RetrySettings are initialized

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
searching in each Client's `StubSettings`'s class. The default LRO settings are initialized
```

> inside the `initDefaults()` method in the nested Builder class.

Reviewer 2: Maybe provide an example of the default values?

Author: I was thinking about it. I avoided adding an example since default values differ from service to service and also didn't want to permalink to something that may change in the future.

Reviewer: I want an example too.

> something that may change in the future

How about specifying version? "For example, google-cloud-pubsub's initDefault (version 1.23.10) has ...`"

Author: Ah that's a good idea! Done for an RPC in ai-platform

ClusterControllerClient clusterControllerClient = ClusterControllerClient.create(settingsBuilder.build());
```

> Note: The configuration above *only* modifies the LRO RetrySettings for the `createClusterOperation` RPC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The configuration above *only* modifies the LRO values for the `createClusterOperation` RPC.
```
I may missed this sentence and the one below yesterday, feel free to use a slightly different wording. The point is `RetrySetting` is an implementation detail that may confuse customers, I think we should avoid it as much as possible.

> The other RPCs in the Client will still use each RPC's pre-configured RetrySettings. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The other RPCs in the Client will still use each RPC's pre-configured LRO values. 
```
